feat: Add enforce lockfile bootstrap command config (#600)
invertase/melos: docs/configuration/overview.mdx

The default is `false`.

### enforceLockfile

> Whether to run `pub get` with `--enforce-lockfile` option or not, to force versioning from `pubspec.lock`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether to run `pub get` with the `--enforce-lockfile` option or not, to force getting the versions specified in the `pubspec.lock` file.
```

> Useful in CI environments or when you want to ensure that all environments/machines are using the same packages' versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is useful in CI environments or when you want to ensure that all environments/machines are using the same package versions.
```
